Welcome back or so you're just going to go ahead and continue anyway.
If I go back to the site let me just refresh it.
I modified the code somewhat.
And now if you type in the title and click on Create and again you get an error message.
But this remains as it is the field is not reset.
So the idea here what we are trying to achieve is to basically not reset the fields in case there is
an error because for example if you have 10 fields which you need to populate which a user needs to
populate let's say a user name and email address a password kept date of birth.
Secret question whatever.
Just imagine if he made a mistake somewhere with CAPTA for example and all the fields got reset.
So he has to do it over and over and over and over again.
And that's really bad because he has to sure he has to retype like 10 20 fields for no particular reason.
So when you get an error message if the if the input failed Don't let's create some logic where the
fields will not be reset.
So your error message will tell you what the problem is and you can go down and fix only that segment
and not the entire rewrite entire thing again.
OK.
So in order for us to achieve this we will switch the resetting of the fields to the parent component
and make it dependent on the error.
So if we get an error the fields will be reset if we don't get an error the fields will be re set.
So the first thing that we need to do is go into the account form component at a table and add this
here so hash for this is a reference to the form.
So this is a form that is basically a local variable that is a reference to this for that is how we
are referencing it and that's how we were accessing it.
And everything that's in it.
OK so next up is the account form component Darty as we just need to go into it and there are a few
things here which we've included so you child and element ref the child is a directive that we use to
basically fetch child components and the HDMI elements with in our component so element ref here.
Well that's just that's basically a type which refers to the HDMI elements.
We'll see what that does.
A little bit later.
And how it behaves.
Basically we just need to have it there.
I know I know it's a stupid explanation but let me just show you down below what I mean by it anyway.
So we will need to delete this part here.
And we just go back a few steps.
So you had something like this and this was used in order to reset the field.
But now we're going to go ahead and delete that and that will be gone.
So they're no longer reset by default upon the attempt of creating a new account.
Rather instead we're going to go ahead and create a public reset for them before I get into the public
Reise public method.
Reset for.
Let me just go to explain this new trial.
So this new child it here for him and this is referring to this year.
The reference to this for here and then it says here for him and element ref Well this just needs to
happen.
This just needs to have Element reft we need to tell it what type it is and we don't really we're not
it and we don't know but we can just place element reft there and be safe and not think about it at
all.
So for him needs to have a type here anyway view child as a decorator.
The same as before.
The same as input and output.
Your child is just another decorator in the long line of them.
Now Double-O it says public reset for him and says this dog for him does need development.
The hard reset now reset is a built in method for resetting field for resetting the form fields.
This art form is referring to the form is referring to the form up here and native element is well angular
too doesn't allow direct editing of elements.
So to say so we need to tell it like a native element and then reset it.
This is a security precaution in place but it's fine to use it now it's not recommended but in our case
we can use it here.
Some other places perhaps it wouldn't be a recommendation but in our case it's completely fine.
Anyway next up that we're going to do is go into the component dotted ts.
So we just find it.
Put dot TS come on.
There we go.
So app component dot does.
Once again we've imported a few child here and if we scroll down it will see that we have at few trials
here as well.
But this part is a little bit different account for is our component and it is the class that we have
imported so we have a for him that we have imported and you have it's exact location as well.
And then it says for him again doing pretty much the same thing and then it says account form of type
account form and you again have the to have it imported here account for and there is another line here.
Another line of code which is actually in charge of resetting all of this.
So you have a public reset form method here in the account form component.
Yes but it is not called from the from the child component rather instead.
It is called from the parent component to parent component is calling this form and we have made it
public deliberately so that it can be called.
So this part of the code is the same as before which has been explained in the prior chore in the previous
Tauriel.
And this here is basically this for Doc reset form.
It calls the method from the child component so if we succeed in adding a new account then we would
like to reset for the start form.
Here are the start for.
This is the child component and the method reset form basically belongs to the child component but it
is called from the parent component here which means the parent component dictates when the fields of
the form will actually be reset and this is the right way to do it because the parent component knows
whether we have actually succeeded or not and if we have succeeded.
OK reset the fields if we have not succeeded well don't preset the fields.
Simple as that.
Go into the else part and display the error message on the screen.
Anyway that would be it here.
Hi hope to see you in the follow up.